Add docs for Alibaba Cloud Linux (#881)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/clients-alibaba.adoc

| OS Version | Base Channel
| {alibabaclo} 2 | alibaba-2-x86_64
|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_cli.adoc[]

endif::[]

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]
The channels you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-uyuni-cli]]
[cols="1,1,1", options="header"]
.Alibaba Cloud Linux Channels - CLI
|===

| OS Version
| Core Channel
| Client Channel

| {amazon} 2
| alibaba-2
| alibaba-2-uyuni-client

|===

include::snippets/addchannels_novendor_cli.adoc[]

[NOTE]
====
The client tools channel provided by [command]``spacewalk-common-channels`` is sourced from {uyuni} and not from {suse}.
====

endif::[]

== Check Synchronization Status

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

include::snippets/check_sync_webui_suma.adoc[]

endif::[]

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]

include::snippets/check_sync_webui_uyuni.adoc[]

endif::[]

include::snippets/check_sync_cli.adoc[]

== Create an Activation Key

You need to create an activation key that is associated with your {alibabaclo} channels.

For more information on activation keys, see xref:client-configuration:activation-keys.adoc[].

== Register Clients

{alibabaclo} clients are registered in the same way as all other clients.

> Some {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 instances will fail to register on the first try due
> to a bug in the {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 image, where `python-urlgrabber3` is 
> provided both as a pip (native Python) package and regular RPM package. This 
> causes a conflict at the filesystem level and an error when you first try to 
> register. If your instance is based on one of the affected image versions, you 
> should try to register the client for a second time before reporting a bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
Some {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 instances will fail to register on the first try.
This is because of a known bug in the ``python-urlgrabber3`` package.
The package is provided both as a Python pip package and an RPM package, which can cause a conflict on the first attempt to register. 
If your instance is based on one of the affected image versions, the client should register correctly on the second registration attempt.
====
```

Author: The bug is not tin the `python-urlgrabber3` package but I like your phrasing in general. I'm going to steal 90% of it O:-)

> For more information, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about client registration, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].
```

Only because we've broken the flow with the admon.

[[clients-alibaba]]
= Registering {alibabaclo} Clients

This section contains information about registering traditional and Salt clients running {alibabaclo} operating systems.

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]
[IMPORTANT]
====
{alibabaclo} repository URLs are available from {scc}, but the packages and metadata are provided by Alibaba Cloud, not by {suse}.
====
endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
====
The traditional stack is available on {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 but it is not supported.
{alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 clients are only supported as Salt clients.
====

[WARNING]
====
Some {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 instances will need two tries to register successfully.
====

== Add Software Channels

Before you register {alibabaclo} clients to your {productname} Server, you need to add the required software channels, and synchronize them.

> ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

Reviewer 2: Needless to say, we'll need to revisit this if we ever decide to support Alibaba on SUSE Manager.

Author: Sure

The products you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-wizard]]
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
.Alibaba Cloud Linux Products - WebUI
|===
| OS Version | Product Name
| {alibabaclo} 2 | Alibaba Cloud Linux 2 x86_64
|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_webui.adoc[]

Alternatively, you can add channels at the command prompt.
The channels you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-suma-cli]]
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
.Alibaba Cloud Linux Channels - CLI
|===
| OS Version | Base Channel
| {alibabaclo} 2 | alibaba-2-x86_64
|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_cli.adoc[]

endif::[]

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]
The channels you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-uyuni-cli]]
[cols="1,1,1", options="header"]
.Alibaba Cloud Linux Channels - CLI
|===

| OS Version
| Core Channel
| Client Channel

> | {amazon} 2

Reviewer 2: I am 100% sure you are missing channels here. For example `alibaba-2-updates`.

Author: Added

====
The traditional stack is available on {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 but it is not supported.
{alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 clients are only supported as Salt clients.
====

[WARNING]
====
Some {alibabaclo}{nbsp}2 instances will need two tries to register successfully.
====

== Add Software Channels

Before you register {alibabaclo} clients to your {productname} Server, you need to add the required software channels, and synchronize them.

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

The products you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-wizard]]
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
.Alibaba Cloud Linux Products - WebUI
|===
| OS Version | Product Name
| {alibabaclo} 2 | Alibaba Cloud Linux 2 x86_64
|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_webui.adoc[]

Alternatively, you can add channels at the command prompt.
The channels you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-suma-cli]]
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
.Alibaba Cloud Linux Channels - CLI
|===
| OS Version | Base Channel
| {alibabaclo} 2 | alibaba-2-x86_64
|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_cli.adoc[]

endif::[]

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]
The channels you need for this procedure are:

[[alibaba-channels-uyuni-cli]]

> [cols="1,1,1", options="header"]

Reviewer 2: I think you need "1,1,1,1" here, as otherwise the table does not render correctly:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4226070/113988279-9a177900-984f-11eb-97e9-36587215fecf.png)

Reviewer 2: Was this fixed? Think it's still pending?

Reviewer 3: I just added the extra column. We should be ok now.
